Documentation on quantization (#565)
huggingface/optimum: docs/source/onnxruntime/usage_guides/quantization.mdx

## Quantize Seq2Seq models

The [`~optimum.onnxruntime.ORTQuantizer`] class currently doesn't support multi-file models, like
[`~optimum.onnxruntime.ORTModelForSeq2SeqLM`]. If you want to quantize a Seq2Seq model, you have to quantize each
model's component individually.

> **Note**: Currently, only dynamic quantization is supported for Seq2Seq model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Tip warning={true}>

Currently, only dynamic quantization is supported for Seq2Seq models.

</Tip>
```
